Add configurable user agent prefix flag for mount-s3 (#548)
awslabs/mountpoint-s3: mountpoint-s3/CHANGELOG.md

* ...

### Other changes

> * Introduced `--user-agent-prefix <PREFIX>` CLI argument ([#548](https://github.com/awslabs/mountpoint-s3/pull/548)) to optionally allow invoker of `mount-s3` to specify an additional prefix for the HTTP User-Agent header.

Reviewer: Move this below the bug fix.

Also:
```suggestion
* Introduced the `--user-agent-prefix <PREFIX>` CLI argument ([#548](https://github.com/awslabs/mountpoint-s3/pull/548)) to allow specifying an additional prefix for the HTTP User-Agent header sent in all requests to S3.
```
